So let's implement image upload when we add a new place for this on the front end.
Let's go to the new place component.
And there we need to first of all import our image upload component.
So image upload from shared components form elements.
Image upload.
Now we can add this to the form there so here in our J is X code may be below the address here we can
add image upload.
Now of course this now is input which is always rendered unlike in these sign up form we don't switch
between different modes here.
The idea can be image and should be image to map this to our fourth estate later and on input here is
bound to our input handler the error text which we can provide can be.
Please provide an image though I didn't do that on the sign up form actually.
So let me quickly go back there and on the off page on image upload.
I will add that same error text here.
So here on image upload I will also add this error text.
This is in the off page now.
A little oversight back then but normally this contrary be invalid so back to NEW PLACE.
WE GOT OUR image upload.
Edit there as well.
Now let's add it to our form state.
So here when we initialize our form I add the image key so the I.D. we used and J as X as well and set
the value to null initially and is valid to false this key here of course has to match the I.D. we have
down there.
So with that we should have an image upload feud there as well and it should be part of the forum data
if we now send the request.
We of course need to send form data they offer.
So let's add our forum data here with new forum data and append the different data pieces we have.
So the title for example which of course is retrieved like this from our forum state and then we repeat
this for the description.
Like this we repeat this for the address and for the moment we all need to add our Creator here.
We don't get the creator from the former state though but from of user I.D. once we have authentication
this will change.
By the way now we need one more input one more form data piece and that is our image.
And this has to be image because we will retrieve despite his image key later on the back end.
Right now I haven't added logic to do so though.
But for the moment let's stick to the front and let's store the image here in the image key and of course
refer to image here.
Therefore so now here we can remove the body and the headers and just add forum data to our request
we're sending so this should send a correctly configured request.
But now we all need to work on the back end for one in the places roots just as we did it into users
roots.
We need to add this middleware here.
So in places roots let's add a import and import the file upload middleware from require middleware
file upload or actually as you learn.
This is not already the middleware.
It's the object with a bunch of millionaires and we get the right middleware by for example calling
single.
So here on this post request I will call file upload single and look for the image in a key in the body
which is named image so is Dad we're extracting the image upon the creation of a new place as well.
Now in the place controller we have to handle it.
We have to roll back logic and app J.S. and our global error handler.
So Daniel already work.
We don't need to add anything there but in the places controller I of course now also want to link the
image to a newly created place.
So in create plays we're extracting the other data from the request body which is fine but then here
when we create our place the image is no longer a U or L like this.
Instead here I will use request file path just like this.
This is now what gets stored in my newly created place and now we just have to go back to the front
end again and make sure that we output or use the right you are all there.
So on place item where I render the image of a place I will wrap this here into backtracks and then
output local host five thousand and then dynamically output props.
Image in there.
So did we use the path which is stored on the back end and connect us with our you are Eldad that points
at the back end with all of that let's save it and let's give it a try let's log in here with the user
recreate it and add a place Marine plots a great place in Munich the address Marine plots one in Munich
and pick an image and here I prepared an image for me already which is up.
Picture of the Marine plots and now if you click Add place does loads we are redirected we got one place
and here it is this is our image of the Marine plots.
Now if I added this this all looks really really nice.
Editing is reflected here we can view it on a map and we got our image here and on the back and unsurprisingly
if we go to images then we see our user image which we uploaded earlier and that image I just chose.
So upload is working here and with that we're able to upload images for both users as well as places.